fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/projects/love-role.md

attribution: Basekamp & friends
images:
  - src: thumb-135_0.jpg
    alt: Video still of person in period costume reading dramatically, reenacting a scene from a Hollywood film about artists.
  - src: 1.-ltr.jpg
    alt: Gallery installation view with tripod, video monitors, and constructed film sets visible in the space.
  - src: 3.-ltr.jpg
    alt: Gallery space with artificial tree prop, video monitors on stands, and painted backdrop visible.
  - src: 4.-ltr.jpg

>     alt: Two video monitors on tripods displaying footage, positioned in front of a painted set backdrop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Two video monitors displaying footage, tripod positioned in front of a painted set backdrop.
```
